The curse of naymor is a legend as well as a powerful necromantic ritual. 

The [[Death Disease]] is a side effect of the [[Curse of Naymor]] activating. 

%%The Curse requires a large amount of souls to begin, after which it will trigger the [[Death Disease]] and begin a positive feedback loop till it is completed, with the more death that occurs in the area, the more souls are absorbed in the ritual and the faster it gets completed. The amount of souls required to complete the ritual is also massive, and if the souls were tormented as they died that would be even better. The ritual twists the tormented souls into fuel with the worst of the souls being set aside as particularly strong minions for whomever started the ritual. 

## The Legend 
A Long time ago, there was a land. In that land lived a man. The man on the land in the time long ago was named Naymor. Naymor was a good man, stout of mind and keen of body. But Naymor was not so stout and keen when it came to matters of the heart. Naymor had become infatuated with a woman by the name of Kwee’stin-a. Kwee’stin-a was too busy with others in her life to notice poor Naymors advances. Eventually she went off someplace leave Naymor to suffer a broken heart. But Naymors yearning was too strong, and as he slowly wasted away pining after his love, his body began to channel a dark force attuned to his yearning. This force feeding off his emotions was so strong it could even bring the dead back to life! This caused many problems for the people in the land long ago, until after long last a brave group of adventurers arrived and sealed away poor Naymor’s body and saving the land. But it is said if a couple, young and in love, walk about and display their affections so proudly and publicly, might then hear from the dark corners and eaves a soft ragged voice intoning…*kwee’stin-aaaaa*… and if Naymor is not appeased then only dark terrible things await.. #privated %%